Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden, shall we?
Harmontown is now in session.
Let's also bring out Brandon Johnson.
Brandon Johnson to...
And just for good measure at Harmontown,
let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown,
the prime of town, Dan Harmon.
You rocked into the beat, going downstairs,
saw your momma, said, hey, here, here, here.
I got excited, but then I got,
and then I got just, something happened.
I don't know, I got terrified.
I didn't want to rap all of a sudden, like really fast.
Like I went from wanting to rap really bad
to not wanting to rap really fast.
Because you didn't feel the flow?
Yeah, I think the flow got a little clogged,
and then I just panicked.
How do we unclog that flow?
Like, I mean, I'm being for real right now.
A hot towel.
Is there a flow, a hot towel?
Yeah.
Welcome back, Spencer.
Thanks, man.
Spencer is back.
Oh, I got a couch.
I see you've accepted my demands for one couch,
and one pointed polished pyramid.
Yeah, we don't, we typically don't air
our contract renegotiations here at Harmontown,
you know, the grievances, and we keep a line there.
Everything else is transparency and stuff,
but it is rough.
His contract was up, you know,
and it was like, I should have never signed you
to a one plus one.
Yeah, it was weird, because like I wanted to agree,
but like the Spencer's Guild was like, no.
It's got its own guild.
At the authorized to strike.
How are the Spencer's Guild and producer guild negotiations going?
It's hard to tell who's talking about anything.
Right.
Like what stance anyone's taking.
Because you're also a producer.
Well, yeah, I mean, I'm on both sides of the table,
and like it's hard.
Yeah, exactly.
So it's always in my own benefit.
How's Harmon Quest?
Oh, it's so good.
I know.
I don't know.
Sometimes I'm getting real mad,
and then I'm like, this is bad.
It's the best job in the world.
It's like you should be getting mad.
What are you getting mad at?
Just like at the boards, all these boards.
I'm like, oh, just like things that need to be.
Yeah, it's just yeah, but it's so fun.
Holy shit.
I mean, you talked about it in the last episode.
I heard I was like, hell yeah.
He's lying about the show.
Yeah.
And you know, Cody, like, not only has never seen it before,
but she's watching an animatic.
She's watching a thing with her fiance's ex-wife in it.
Not that she doesn't have any pettiness there,
but I'm just saying like, there's a lot of English on that ball.
It's not predisposed to like it.
But she was like, and she's never seen the first season.
So all of these things, she was like, oh my god,
that's so great.
She was like really into it.
Like I understood all the jokes.
I don't care about no D&D, but it was like Aaron's really funny
and everything's like working really good.
Yeah, the only thing is I just like, I'm not going to like
obsess over it.
But I just, I can't believe the lethargy on my face
like in the beginning.
It's like crazy.
The first season, I guess because we're like, oh, how do we do it?
So then we did like a bunch of takes where I was like,
John Oliver, oh, it's Harmon Quest.
You know, like, which you do need to do because the camera takes away
10 pounds of energy.
So this time around, like I...
Which energy is really light in the first place.
I just remember being like, oh, I'm real chill.
It's like, it's just Harmon Quest.
It's like, let's just have some fun.
And I'm watching, I'm like, am I blind?
I look like I'm blind.
That's true.
Yeah, you're not like looking at any single thing.
And it's really off-putting.
So here's the thing.
Yeah, it is. Everyone hated it.
Like, I wish somebody would have hit me with a stick and said,
we're doing another take.
You gotta...
But here's the thing about those cameras.
Like, it's one thing to, you know, if you have stage fright versus like,
oh, I'm comfortable.
People looking at me, I'll be fine.
And then there's another layer where you do like a single camera work
or it's like, okay, there's a camera over here or right here or whatever,
but it's one camera and my job is to ignore it.
My job is to focus on the cookies because my character...
Right, you can never look at it.
And then there's this, that live four cam thing where...
Yeah, your solo camera, the tally light comes on in your camera too.
That's your camera.
But it's not even like, because we're not doing it live,
so it's not even like the red light comes on.
It's more like the director says to you, hey, Dan,
when you're gonna look at the camera, that's your camera
and points at one of the cameras.
And so the thing that freaks me out is I go,
okay, so I know it's not live.
They're not editing in board.
So it's sort of like, it puts it in my head that it's like,
I have control over whether it cuts to me.
And so then I'm like, well,
I'm never gonna make the decision for it to cut to me.
So then I'm like staring at a table.
Yeah, that's how I feel.
It's just a weird thing.
It doesn't matter how talented a performer
or how comfortable in your own skin you might be.
It's a totally different talent, I think, section,
the idea of not being thrown by this idea.
On whose line, there's tally lights where the red light comes on.
They're just doing it like in a fake live edit.
And then seven or eight cameras are all rolling at the same time.
So they're all good to go.
No matter where you're looking, that camera is rolling.
But on Harmon Quest, there's no tally light.
The red light doesn't come on and says,
this is the one that's on you right now.
But you can take a camera take to any camera at any time,
and that can be in the edit.
Yeah.
You can also get the fuck out of there the same way.
So if you know that a camera is covering you,
that you don't particularly agree with the take on,
you can throw the take.
Thus, rendering the camera that's on you,
this take is gonna suck,
because I fucked up the line straight to camera.
Yeah, but all this is showmanship you guys are talking about.
That's the membrane I'm talking about.
Spencer and I are over here on this side of like,
the top of our game is like,
I'm the world's most comfortable nerd.
I'm no longer going to vomit by being in front of people
or even a camera.
But then on the other side of that line is just like,
oh, while you're playing make believes ease,
you're also like, boy, Karen's hogging the spotlight tonight.
There's calculations going on,
and I was never good at the long form improv,
because I was just a bad listener.
I would just be like,
I just sort of start thinking about like,
oh, I should come in as a crab or something.
And then I'm like, I'm writing a crab thing in my head
that other people are gonna fuck up when I come in,
because it's the improv you moron.
And for the 30 seconds that I'm sitting there going like,
oh, the crab's gonna come in.
This is what I'm gonna do.
There's things I'm supposed to be listening to.
For me, like Harmon Quest, I take copious notes
and I'm writing things down,
because I want to remember the name of the thing
that Spencer said, the name of the town.
All the names.
But then while you're...
Spencer's laying down all this detail,
and I'm writing that down,
but while it's happening,
something improv is happening,
and I'm not listening to that.
So I've got the detail,
but not the moment that just happened.
So it's a hard line to walk.
Yeah.
Yeah, baby.
Well, let's refine some of our chops tonight.
We could do some drills.
All right.
Why don't we just play some good old-fashioned D&D
with Spencer right now?
Oh, shit.
Is that what you meant, Dan?
The audience wasn't that enthused.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, God.
I didn't mean like that.
And the crowd goes...
I'm trying to get to know you guys.
What did you mean precisely, Dan?
I was just high.
You wanted to sit.
He goes, get it.
I was just going like,
well, let's do some dumb improv bits.
All right.
No, let's do dumb improv,
but let's walk the line
between thinking ahead
and being in the moment.
Yeah, I'm not going to...
I'm only going to be in the moment.
You're only in the moment.
You're not going to think about the crab character
that's going to come in later on.
All right.
So Spencer, be Dungeon Master for us
and give us like a scene on us.
All right.
Can I get a suggestion?
A spaceship.
You're on a spaceship.
Okay.
Snip, snip.
I'm a crab.
No.
I hope no one's to the left,
the direction I move.
Well...
Captain Friend-Tester,
why did you let your crab out of the tank?
You know that it's against...
Academy regulations to leave
wild animals on the spaceship.
The Academy had it their way.
This ship would be made of regulations.
As far as whether Herman
is allowed to roam the cabin,
I think he's been on a few more missions
than you, Nurse Falco.
But away he goes.
Oh, damn.
Crab alert.
There's a crab alert installed on the ship.
Destroying crab.
No!
Herman destroyed.
You don't remember last week when you asked me
to put in that crab software?
Because you told me you need all these lasers
and some of these drinks to be poured on crabs.
Marcus, what are you...
I'm talking to you over the telescreen, right?
You just...
Aye, Captain.
Aye.
You're down in the mechanic bay.
That's where I smoke weed.
Yeah.
You can do just about anything with those computer tools.
Can't you, Marcus?
Oh, man.
Dental hygiene.
Air conditioning.
I can tune up a cat.
Anyway, going back to what you were doing,
I just wanted to know, was it successful?
Was my crab thing like a convention?
Was it good?
Do you like it?
Yes, it killed my crab.
Awesome.
I'm distraught.
I better...
I'm gonna come down and see you, Marcus.
Oh, man.
I gotta clean this place up first.
Okay.
Hey, please, come down, Captain, please.
Over and out.
Nurse Falco.
Yes?
Uh, I'm gonna find it hard to believe
you didn't know that was gonna happen.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't.
I tend to know exactly what's going on aboard the ship.
It is my job as the spaceship nurse.
Well, I have a little bit of a scrape
on one of my fingers.
Okay.
Let me attend to that.
Oh, oh, oh.
It's my middle one.
Your middle finger.
I'm holding up my middle one.
Are you being ironic, or are you just telling me to fuck off?
Man the helm, Falco.
I'm going to talk to Marcus.
Falco.
Falco, pick up.
Falco, it's Marcus.
Pick up.
Falco.
Yes?
Look, Captain's on his way down,
and I'm not gonna be able to see you tonight.
Okay.
So, look.
Listen, as far as he's concerned,
we've never met, we don't ever,
we don't ever have anything going on.
Okay.
I just, I was gonna, you know,
I was gonna put the good shoes on,
just so you know.
All right.
Okay.
There you go.
I'll call you back.
Jesus, it smells like a skunk down here.
Boy, you can take the city out of the astronaut.
Or wait, you can't.
You can't.
You can take the astronaut out of the city.
That's what you can do.
And what we did do.
What we failed to realize we could never do
was remove the city from your bones.
You urban magical.
Whoa.
Look, just sit down, man.
All right.
I'm glad you're here, Captain.
You know, I don't really get a lot of time,
you know, chance to spend with the higher up.
So I'm glad you came down.
Yeah.
Did I offend you?
No, no, no, no.
You want a couple of noodles?
Well, I'll tell you the truth.
Wouldn't mind a little of that sticky wiki
that I'm smelling everywhere.
I have no idea what you're talking about,
officer, but it's right here.
Uh-huh.
Do you have to press the button five times or what?
You can shake it back and forth
just to make the setting for yourself if you want.
Right?
Smells like Cheetos.
Fuck.
I probably got too high.
Meh.
That's a signal three.
Uh, Captain Frantaster, we have an incoming message
from your arch enemy, Diablos.
Put the weapons on standby.
Charge the shields.
I'll be right up.
Okay.
Oh, fuck.
Shields charged.
Oh, I can't see.
Is anyone there?
Johnson, are they on?
Oh, wait.
It's me, Diablos.
Surrender your spaceship.
No.
Yes.
Johnson, I can't see.
Oh.
I'm sorry, man.
Let me raise up the hailing shields.
No, no.
What?
No.
Oh, God.
What?
Put those back down.
Okay.
Why can't you see?
Those are shields.
Yes, but you want to be able to see, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Putting on vision mode.
What?
Vision mode enhanced.
Marcus, you have to be the captain.
I'm too high.
Where my hat?
No, no.
Just do it.
I'll tell everyone.
I'll tell everyone you got me high.
Okay.
Snark ass, snitch ass, snark.
All right.
Shields up.
We need to get ready for evasive procedures.
Captain Diablos, it is I.
Captain, what exactly do you want from us?
Space ship.
What?
I want it.
Okay.
Hold on for a second.
I got you.
What do you say?
He want the space ship.
Do it's a whole thing.
Yeah.
We're in it.
Sorry.
I'm nurse Falco.
I think that we shouldn't put the shields up.
We should put the shields back down too.
Like he just did.
I think we should.
There should be a shields down situation.
Are they on when they're up or down?
I thought down was up yet.
Well, what shields down?
You're the captain Marcus.
God damn it.
I leave the shields halfway up halfway down so we can peer over them and see the enemy Diablo.
Do you think the vernacular of the shield technicians is more rooted in the handheld
shields being raised for infantry or the old Haggar the horrible thing coming down over
the head?
I think it's like an engineering thing like cuts the lights.
Or is it does it come down like up and down together?
What are the states of the shield that are available?
We have shields.
We have weapon shields and we have vision shields that you see through a through a shield.
It's not a perfect system.
It looks like their shields are down.
I could see the button.
Maybe we should just fire on them.
Fire Diablo.
Shields up.
Oh fuck.
Oh, we're hit.
God damn it.
And I was looking at these cheetos.
All right.
Look, we've been hit under my leadership, which is some bullshit.
By the way, thank you fucking the worst time to make me captain Diablo.
There are two ships.
Oh shit.
That's right.
And this one is injured.
So you will have our other ship.
That sounds perfect.
Now let us pass and get to safety so we can tell you about that other ship.
All right.
I'll do that.
And then I'll monologue.
Excellent.
I became Diablos 2000 years ago at the peaks of Mount Olympus on earth dot dot dot.
Oh no.
Oh, he's in the background now.
He put himself on the background.
He became so engaged.
The baby captain look next to you.
Oh red bull.
Drink it.
Okay.
Drink the red bull captain.
I just don't think.
I mean it's not like I'm gonna drink the red bull.
It gives me heartburn.
It'll make you come back.
Okay.
We need your sage leadership.
I tried to lead the ship, but I was too high.
You did great.
You got rid of the guy.
What are you talking about?
They blew the West Wing off.
They did and I cried.
Anyway, get back upstairs and show us why you're the captain captain.
Okay.
Then I went back in there and I said I'd like my job back.
Nurse Falco, I'm back from the mechanic.
Diablos monologue completed.
Lower all shields.
I knew it.
Captain that puts us in a very vulnerable situation.
Does it?
Yes.
That's how ships work.
All shields lowered.
Diablos.
Yeah, yeah.
As you can see, we are quite vulnerable over here.
Right.
We have no other ship to give you.
What?
Why was I just monologuing all this time?
Because you're a fool.
A damned fool.
No.
You floated over to a section of space.
What?
Called the fantabulan zone.
But that would mean that I'm getting fantabulous.
If you thrust your engines, your entire ship will explode from the chain reaction,
from the anti-dark matter.
No one tells Diablos how to fly.
No.
Boom.
Oh.
What really happened?
It actually happened.
Captain Francesca, I can't believe that worked.
Yeah.
He really fell for that hook line and sinker.
I mean, it kind of didn't work because I was bluffing.
So my bluff failed miserably because it turns out he was actually in the anti-matter space
and really blew up.
I thought you knew that.
That was your plot.
No, I was making it up.
Couldn't tell.
Snap, snap.
I'm a ghost.
Oh, no.
It's Diablos's ghost.
Diablos's ghost.
No, it's the crab.
Marcus.
Yes.
I'm a crab.
Oh, he came back as a crab.
All right.
That felt like it.
Yay.
Everyone loves us.
Dan, you were very in the moment there.
I spent more time listening than usual.
I usually don't listen as much as I was.
Because you were what?
You're thinking about the next 10 seconds ahead.
Yeah.
Yeah, I tried not to do that this time.
Happy?
Yeah, very, very happy.
We had a good time.
I had a good time.
Are you happy Spencer is back with us?
Yeah.
Oh, everyone loves it.
I had to come back because you said you could do the show without me.
So I was like, oh, OK.
Yeah.
Well, explain yourself now.
Were you just busy?
You said you were bummed out at one point.
Yeah, I've been depressed.
I've been not feeling great.
I also, I talked about this a little bit, but I have a hip thing.
This couch is great, actually, but it had been not great to sit for a long time and,
you know, to drive and then sit and then drive and then also just all snowballs.
I don't do things for one reason.
I do them for 30.
But yeah, no, I don't know.
It was just, yeah.
How are you feeling now?
Oh, yeah, I resigned to my life.
No, I'm kidding.
Are you still in pain?
Yeah, yeah.
No, but this couch is actually really nice.
I think I'm going to get surgery.
It'll be great.
People love it.
Oh boy.
I hope my leg doesn't fall out.
I feel if I was sitting in that position, I would, my back would start to get sore.
I, my back could take it.
It's doing a lot of work lately.
You know, when your body's messed up, the rest of your body gets messed up trying to help.
Brandon, do you have back pain or anything like that?
No, not yet.
That's great.
Have you guys been to Lumbar in Silver Lake?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, Lumbar.
Well, you get, you get a, I like the synovial fluid teeny.
It's great.
It's a, yeah, it's, it's part of a new fad.
It's like a ergonomic cocktail culture.
Do you, does it have things like anis root in it and like it's very healthy?
It's sort of there.
They're like mind drugs because they're all natural elixirs.
Is that the sort of situation?
No, it's just the furniture is designed by like chiropractors and then the drinks are
normal pretty much.
They have dumb names like.
Like the Lumbargarita.
Yeah.
Nice.
The list goes on and on.
The thoracic.
Actually, a lot of their drinks are just named like S1, S2, S3, S4.
Well, chiropractor.
Yeah.
What the hell are they doing back there?
I'm sure your chiropractors are different.
All of them are voodoo people.
They, but the weird thing is like which, what, how much voodoo did they get from the latest
chiropractor convention where it's like high tech voodoo and then how many of them are
like DIY voodoo and they're like, which like you, you, you mentioned a guy who was like.
Oh yeah.
My parents used to go to a chiropractor who thought like he could tell if you had allergies
or something.
And what he did is he had a little pack, like a suitcase lily thing that you open up and
had all these little vials of I think, what do you call it?
Like homeopathic water that was charged with essences or whatever the fuck.
And so presumably these vials had allergens in them and he would hold the allergen near
you and then he would do this with his fingers.
Like you're, you're doing like a, give me some change kind of hand sign with your fingers
and he would say that he was tracking the resistance on his fingers because when you
would sweat his hands would cause resistance in his hands.
So if the, the allergen was, was close to you and you were allergic, it would make him
sweat more, which meant you were allergic.
This sounds like the first act of Wizard of Oz.
Oh, it is.
And then the tornado came.
It's, it's all the, and the high tech stuff is just that, except it's like plastic crap
that they bought at a booth number.
So it's like, like, like my guy would like scan my back with a thing that was like basically
like it looked like a handheld paper scanner.
Yeah.
And I was like, and you would hear, and he would like press a foot pedal and a voice
would go, as one, as two, as three.
And he was like, like, measuring.
And then he'd like, it's all, it's all like muscle tension and sweat and stuff.
And they go, you put your fingers in here.
It's all.
That sounds fucking.
Scientologists use.
That sounds dumb.
It is dumb.
Oh yeah.
It's incredibly dumb.
I don't think it's real.
I don't think it's accredited science or anything.
You know, I think they're just like, hey, let's I put a bunch of wires in a box.
I went, I absolutely screwed my back playing terrible golf in Florida once and I couldn't
even lift up a pencil off the table without like, like weeping and pain.
And I went to a cat that a church has gone to and he just like instantly fixed me like
he's a bad motherfucker.
Yeah, I'll tell you what these guys are good at relieving back pain.
Well, there there are.
They're they're bad at being content with that station.
So like physiotherapy, there are real things.
And so I assume all chiropractors have like cobbled together collections of real and
fake tools.
They're just they're just some of them work.
They're they're like, God damn it.
They're like, Siri, how often does the average American want their back cracked?
I'm looking that up at six months to three years.
God damn it.
I'm going to go broke in this motherfucker.
And then they so then they just have to put up posters.
It's like Siri.
Can you say s one flu s two flu seasons coming and remember all immunodeficiencies
originate in the spinal column like that?
You know, it's just like this whole culture.
It's every everything that a chiropractor can possibly do that will that the AMA won't
like find them for it.
I don't I know not of what I speak of how that works, but I don't know if it works
like fines or if they just jump in your window.
Like I remember this the Simpsons, the chiropractor guild like coming over and trashing his trash
can and then he hits the garage door closes and then they because they're chiropractors
they bend back or it's and keep running out the garage.
So great.
Just peak Simpsons.
Anyways, boy, what a joyful that's not like like what a what a great time to be in a
writer's room that must have been like this is like like like Homer Homer is a dented trash
can and it turns out to be like a chiropractic miracle like people are coming over to get
your bags crack.
That's such a crazy like just episode.
It's so satisfying.
What season was that like?
I don't know.
I didn't really start watching the Simpsons until I moved to LA in syndication.
I would watch the Simpsons and X files back to back.
And then I found some navel lint the other day.
What is this show?
Well, no one's no one's waiting for me to bring out a parrot.
I've been doing a lot of composing in a garage band fucking poop song on Instagram.
Yeah, your Saturday Sunday pooping song was pretty good.
That's pretty good, man.
I just threw that one away.
Okay, Kenny Loggins.
Don't brag too much.
But I have like I have a couple of garage band compositions that aren't there.
They're too soulful to be funny.
So I just listened to him on a loop.
Can we can we hear one?
We should laugh at those.
Yes.
We'll be the judge of whether or not I live right near you.
I can come over and do backup harmonies.
Now don't make fun of me.
I mean, I guess on one hand it's like, okay.
The reason why I like doing music is because I'm not supposed to be good at it.
So I can relax and just put myself into it.
But I'm getting to a stage now where I'm going to get my feelings heard if people make fun of me.
That's like when Vin Diesel does his kind of like karaoke videos.
He's like everyone's loving it, but we can't tell him what we think.
I don't know anything about that.
Well, it's easy.
He's a delight.
Vin Diesel like sings.
And he's tender about his.
He's loving it.
Oh, he's loving it.
But is he good or is he terrible?
No, he's not.
But as far as he's concerned, he's rocking it out.
Right.
Who's going to tell him that?
That's why I like karaoke.
I go into karaoke.
It's a good thing.
It's a place in Nashville, Tennessee with Chip, and it's called Santa's Pub.
And it's a Christmas decorated double wide trailer.
As far as I remember, in the middle of fucking nowhere.
It's like a perfect place to get a divorce.
It's beer only and you cannot bring your drink up on stage.
And there's a sign that says no swearing on stage, no cursing on stage.
And after I sang my second or third song, I believe I brought the house down.
Or the trailer down.
And I went, I fucking love this place.
And he goes, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
No swearing on stage, man.
But he wasn't being a jerk about it.
It was the greatest place.
It was the most like Tennessee shit I've ever seen.
It was so good.
Okay.
Here's one of my songs.
We got mics on this.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, great strings.
I rub the screen myself for the strings.
A little bit of lunacy.
Good.
Sounds like somebody just scored another Alan Ball movie, huh?
That's great.
It's good.
It's great.
Yeah, now, I'm not making fun of you here.
Are you playing keys on it?
Like you're actually putting down the...
Not in real time, because I wouldn't know how to play.
But I, like, no, there's like various apps that let you like map out melodies in a...
I found this really cool app that...
You're playing chordal stuff in there too.
There's a couple of clams in there.
There's a couple of notes that go over there.
It's a combination of apps.
Now, let's play it again and let's put some words to that.
Let's...
Do you want to sing a song of that, Dan?
Because you know the movement.
Or do you want to do it, Brandon?
No, no, no, we're good.
I wonder if there's...
Should we pick from two?
Because it's, you know...
Wait, but real quick.
Did you say oof in the beginning when that first, like, sour note happened?
Because that sour note was part of my style.
Yeah.
It was like a...
Yeah, you're Tom Waits.
The piano's been drinking.
You're fucking out there, yeah.
I like that sound.
I was like, it's like a simple plan score.
All right.
Do you have...
Do you want to hear more?
Oh, the cats in trouble.
How many more do you have?
What?
Oh, I have one more.
Let's hear both.
I think that now we start putting the book to those musics.
Okay.
No lyrics for this one either, but yeah, but...
Yeah, but...
Here we go.
This one's more delightful.
This is like some forest gun shit.
Oh, my baby ducks are in a fucking roll.
Oh, my baby ducks.
Yeah.
Okay.
Baby ducks.
Yeah.
Who knew?
Who knew that you had all that joy inside you?
That's all from scratch.
It's fucking great.
None of that is like, oh, you hit this button and it gives you like a thing.
That's like all from scratch.
You don't want to play piano.
How does the app work?
Were you making chords?
You just poke the screen at the spot where you wanted.
It's different from playing piano.
You just put a note in a grid.
And then it gives you the little fill-in notes in the past notes.
No.
Don't say that.
I don't know.
I'm asking you.
Well, no.
I'm just saying, like, there's no...
On that, there's no...
All those chords are...
That's all from scratch.
You did all that.
And a MIDI.
Now, let's go back to the first one.
Including the guitar.
Like, I'm playing a MIDI...
I'm playing an iPad guitar in there.
The first one to me is the more...
The first one to me is the more interesting musically one.
Like, it's got that kind of weird...
That's my favorite one, too.
It's got strings and it's got that weird kind of out there kind of quality.
Yeah.
And it sounds a little like maybe it would...
The second one is like, it's going straight to like aviation museums like tour video.
I mean, I flatter myself.
But, like, that it would be used professionally.
But I'm saying, like, it's not...
It's not a...
Nobody...
The B-16 was the...
Nobody started crying during the second one.
But during the first one, if you listened to it a bunch and if you made it,
I think you have to have made it.
All right.
Now, play the second one.
But I want you to do voiceover at the Aviation Museum,
even though you probably don't know a whole lot about aviation.
Wait, oh, you want the second one played again with that?
Okay.
Yeah.
So, like, we're walking under the tour of the Vintage Aviation Museum,
and this is the music, and then you're doing voiceover.
Welcome aboard.
Whether you got here by car, boat, foot, or our preferred mode of travel,
you just found a second home.
For the next three hours,
the blinking lights on the floor will lead you through a labyrinth of educational
and sometimes amusing exhibits.
Yeah!
We love exhibits.
Morgan Freeman, what are you doing here?
Our lawyers require us to tell you that there are no such thing as ghosts.
If you see a pilot with unfinished business,
he's probably a rapist.
Exhibit one.
Kitty Hawk, 1911.
If you were getting pasta in Nebraska in 1911,
you probably weren't thinking about Orville and Wilbur Wright.
Even though their father was the Pesto King of Nebraska, I think I said,
those two boys had their eyes on a bigger prize.
Hey, excuse me.
Oh, is this a tour or a fossil?
Proppy, get out of here.
I'm trying to give the tour.
You need to blow away.
I'll be back in exhibit three.
Proppy, behave yourself.
Hi, folks.
We're going to take a different form of the tour.
I'm changing the blinking lights to proppy color.
Don't follow the same old tour.
You're going to follow mine.
You're going to have fun.
Pizza, rock and roll, aviation history.
Pregnant women should follow the emergency exit
in an emergency along with non-pregnant women and men.
Sorry, my wife is currently pregnant,
and I, at the time of recording this,
you're hearing it.
My kid's probably eight years old.
I'm not even part of the tour.
I'm just the emergency exit speaker.
Exhibit two.
Oh, Cloris, pass me that butternut.
Oh, Einstein, what are you going to do with it?
More mathematics?
Oh, it's a living.
In the 1936s, gravity was only on a few people's mind,
even though the planes were working.
You know what?
Sorry, I got to go.
Hey, man.
Hey.
Yeah?
Come over here, man.
I was sleeping over here.
Touch this.
I'm Amelia Earhart.
Touch it.
Touch my dick.
Okay.
You were warned.
Yeah.
Before you put it away, are we going to do that second thing?
Yeah, the second thing, we're going to do the first one,
but that one needs some Leonard Cohen lyrics to it.
That's got some angular soul to it.
Yeah, I really feel like I could, yeah.
That should be the album title.
Angular soul?
Angular soul.
On Phantabilon Records.
I don't know if I have the lyrical gumption.
You're going to make up lyrics for it?
No, you're going to do it.
Yeah, but let me hear it through.
Yeah, that word.
That's what I want.
I adjusted the velocity and some of the things.
You're laying it down, you know, because you're mad at your dad.
All right, that's the title of the song.
I'm so mad at my dad.
I also have that entire pedal next to you.
Oh, yeah, the robot voice.
Yeah, well, I don't think you want to do the heavy lifting.
Let's play it again.
Because we're not familiar with it.
You're going to take a first pass?
Let's listen to it.
Do you want me to give you a suggestion and you're going to improvise lyrics?
No, I have written down lyrics to your song.
Whoa, why don't you just read them?
Do you want me to give you a silly suggestion?
Tell me what you think that music lends itself to.
He's being mad at his dad.
Titually, and I'll try my worst to make it good.
All right, when I hear this song, I think about...
Concrete dead leaves.
He agrees.
It's official.
So far, the dry leaf lobby is here.
Concrete and dead leaves so far, right?
To me, it's like...
I was getting nervous. I thought I was going to have to come up there.
It's like someone angry who's going on a tear, like someone who's going on a rant.
This is the song.
Yeah, because it has this driving kind of bounciness to it,
but then the discord notes and stuff, they imply anger.
Spencer, I don't want to put you on the spot.
Would you try singing one?
Okay, no. I mean, I'll do some of it, but you guys have to help.
You're coming in with more...
Oh yeah, I'm the master. Let's do it.
So we've got concrete and dead leaves. Anything else, Harmon?
What else does it talk to you?
You know, just...
Down a little, I think.
All right, we've got a Rob Schrab in the house.
It's good. This is good.
Yeah, I don't want to over-leber it. Let's see what we've got.
Concrete and dead leaves.
Spencer, why don't you drive?
Okay.
I can't take this anymore.
My dad, he is killing me.
Concrete, dry leaves.
I can't break any of these.
I will not do this chore.
My dad will ask me no more.
These damn leaves.
And my goddamn father leaves.
Yeah, I don't know.
See, you see how I had something for a little bit,
and then if someone really took it,
it would have just seemed like I was a real genius.
But then you started to see the seams a little bit.
Brandon and I should have come in on the harmonic.
On the harmonic kind of backup vocal kind of thing.
I didn't mean that as a no.
I just meant as like how good I did.
No, you killed...
You fucking destroyed it. It was fantastic.
Oh, yeah. No, everyone loves me.
I heard the part where you knew you were killing it,
and then you had to wonder,
like, oh, am I supposed to bring it into the station?
Like, as far as...
Like, is it going to end soon?
And then that threw you.
I certainly was done at a point.
And yet the music played.
Wow, that was good.
I never... I mean, that's the magic of collaboration.
You want to try one down?
The same song?
I'll give you a suggestion.
I'll kind of give you a poetical idea
for you to sing to that melody.
Okay.
All right.
Make your cocktail.
What are you drinking there?
You get two guesses, audience.
I think it's kind of funny.
All right. So, Dan, same melody.
Let's do...
I've been on the road a lot,
and there's this repetition that happens
of going from hotel to hotel to theater
to hotel to hotel to theater to hotel.
And there's a moment of amnesia that happens
where you wake up and your eyes are still closed
and you're not totally sure what room you're in.
Are you at home?
Are you on the road?
And if you're on the road,
what possibly, when you open your eyes,
would you see?
Okay.
Great.
Yeah.
That's cool.
I don't know what room I'm in.
I don't know what state I'm living in.
I want to do more improv on airplanes, hotels, theaters,
hotels, airplanes, airplanes.
I just want my mommy back.
I just want my lover in me.
These are the struggles on the road.
Yes.
You just miss me when I'm on the road
because you want me inside you.
Yeah.
All right, Brandon, your turn.
Oh, brother.
Dan, lay a title on Brandon.
Church you want to do one, too?
You're a singer.
Nope.
Church loves you.
Well, all right.
You want a suggestion?
Sure.
You want an area?
Thanksgiving.
Okay.
You ready?
People like that suggestion.
Yeah.
Mama comes down the stairs.
Oh, she's stuck in her underwear.
I'm going to cook some turkey soup.
Turkey soup, turkey soup, turkey soup.
Grandpa dead at the foot of the table.
Ravie hot, not lumpy, quite able.
Turkey soup, turkey soup, turkey soup, soup.
Turkey soup, turkey soup, soup, soup.
Turkey soup.
Did Grandpa leave a foot at the table?
He was dead.
He was dead at the foot of the table.
At the foot.
I thought he left a foot.
I was like, did he die last year?
And there's just, I thought it was like a foot.
Thanksgiving, not your Thanksgiving.
Turkey soup.
Jeff Davis, bring us home.
We're all going to go around the room
and all of us are going to do one.
That could be good.
I'll try one.
Okay, Jeff.
I can't follow turkey soup.
And yet you must.
Yeah, I know.
Spencer, give Jeff a suggestion.
Spencer, you later.
Like if you go to the Google headquarters and stuff,
they have like all these cafeterias
that have private chefs,
and it's just awesome.
It's like a wonderland.
Does that, is that something?
It's something.
Google office catering wonderland over in Venice,
and you know how the traffic is.
And so this is the actual thing in Venice.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
All right.
I've been there.
I've had omelettes.
All right.
Do you go there to wait?
You just go to the Google office to.
Oh yeah.
Best omelettes in the house.
No, no.
I had a friend who worked there,
and it's like a it's kind of like a clubhouse.
They got surfboards.
The Google, I went to speak at Google
and they told me a story about somebody
that had been just sort of living there for a while.
That was me.
Yeah.
They got sleep pods and healthy snacks.
Okay, Jeff, are you ready for your song?
Yeah.
Okay.
Here we go.
I mean, also let me know if you want like a metronome
so that you can take advantage of that wasted real estate
in the beginning of the song.
I'm going to dive right in.
All right.
Here we go.
One, two, one, two.
I can't count it off because I don't know the tempo.
Let's just start.
One, two, one, two, three, five.
Okay.
We've heard enough.
Here we go.
What am I going to get?
The omelette.
I'm hungry and still yet.
I don't know why am I...
Thirst is still wet.
When I download tasty treats, Google style,
I want a gigabyte of sandwiches to make me smile.
Right inside my office, I want something.
Something.
Farmed a table, no.
Farmed, farmed, too.
Orphous.
Almond butter.
All right.
A little bit of Jeff Bowie in this motherfucker.
Church, get up here and do it.
Yeah.
No, I'm sorry.
That was...
That's fair.
It's hard to argue with that logic.
It's really scary because you got to destroy yourself
like right into the...
To sing?
All right.
Now we do one, but the four of us, we do like a boys to men
kind of full on.
Yeah, people are saying.
The theme is going to be real simple
so that we can pretty much know what we're doing.
All right.
We'll have to look at each other's mouths.
With the lights on.
Dan, you'd be like the lead OJ and the rest of us
would be like the other OJs.
You'd be the...
I see what's going on.
You'd be the gladdest knight to our pips or whatever.
So we'll fill in on the side.
I will do Sonic Augmentation.
I want to be the Yoko Ono.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
See how that works?
I'll be the Shakira.
This is going to be good.
Wait, but am I like...
I'll be the pit bull.
You'll do all the hard work.
No, no, no.
I thought we were just undercutting you.
We were like a group that kind of works together.
No, no.
We all work together.
No, no, no.
I say we all help at the same time.
Okay, like it's like Bellevue DeVoe,
like somebody's got to do a little bit.
We could do an A.
They don't just sing in unison the whole time.
A, B, A, B.
That could be easier.
Well, no, I mean...
We'll just throw to each other.
I like the idea of you guys harmonizing and stuff.
I mean, that's going to be...
I say we just...
Anybody wants to take the wheel, you take the wheel.
Let's not...
Okay.
Let's not overthink it.
Okay, here we go.
And what's it about?
What's it about?
Oh, it's about...
Let's go from the audience.
Human man.
I like that.
Okay.
What?
Pyramid man.
Shout out to Rob Schrab.
Where's Pyramid man?
Oh, Pyramid man.
Here we go.
I just want my pyramid...
Pyramid man.
I just want my slaves to build in...
I just want my pyramid...
Pyramid man.
I just need my slaves to build in...
Took a million slaves to build a pyramid.
Dogs on top.
We gotta start over.
Yeah.
First of all, I put the phone away from the mic.
Can we give you another mic?
I can't do two things at once.
Okay, new suggestion.
And then Brandon handed me a microphone.
All right, church, if you're not gonna sing.
Church, if you're not gonna sing, give us a title.
Like, like some kind of Nick Cavey or Warren Ellisey.
How about hot dog water like a limb biscuit?
Really?
Trigger word, limb biscuit.
Church, you got something or no?
Hot dog water?
You know, I'm just trying to help.
Hot dog water.
I'm just trying to help.
Hot dog water's exactly what it looks like.
This is exactly why I left.
Hot dog water.
Gotta cook those dogs.
Full of nitrates and salt.
You guys, all right.
That's what you had.
That's what you forced it.
But no, I like, I thought we were doing.
The methodology is the problem.
What was pitched to me was everybody was like doing a thing
at the same time.
Otherwise, why would I do a six?
Suddenly what was pitched to you was you doing
all the work.
Try to watch each other's mouths
and actually harmonize on what Dan is saying.
Dude, would you get here by bus?
All right.
It was your idea.
I know, I mean, I thought that was more complicated.
Well, yeah, that's why we already did all this stuff.
All right, okay, let's, let's,
we've tried the easy stuff.
Okay.
All right.
We need any title.
So you like.
Australia?
No, we did too much Australia.
Capitalism.
Okay, nice.
All right, so we're gonna watch Dan
and we're gonna harmonize.
Okay, here we go.
Oh.
Yeah, just think about it.
Oooh.
Oh.
$0.6.
ount.
Then sense.
There is nothing better than an unplanned harmonization.
Here.
The music is hard.
You think it's harder That's because
we are comedians.
Can we play? I can't blame the methodology. That's gonna help. I pitched to an A
B. Well, no, jump Brandon and I jumped on Brandon's pitch of A B A B. I think that
might have been a bit more. I don't we don't need to do those right now. I think
Dan was right and I misunderstood him. I think it's better that we all try to
really fucking isn't that what we just were trying to do? Yeah, but once we're
all singing, we're louder than the music and then we can't hit the tempo or the
fucking root is it's all over. All right. Well, I can air. I can text you the song.
Oh hell. Thank you. That'll fix everything. Thank you. Thank you. There's probably no
signal in here. We should just move on to the other thing that I have. No, we could
do it. It'll be why it'll be Bluetooth. I think so it should work. Davis. Well, I
didn't air drop it yet, but I'll try that next. I just kind of I'm like a I'm like a
Gen X pre air drop baby. It's hard to use air drop. It really doesn't work as
it's supposed to be. You know, it's like it doesn't always. It's not always there.
You know, that's what I'm saying. Brandon, what you drinking? I'm drinking. I'm
drinking on them. They're quakes. Oh yeah. What flavor is that? Tangerine? I'll date.
Hell yeah. I'll date. I got my air drop son. Do you want to just know that's got
essential oils get the text. There is supposed to be a. Oh, it hasn't sent
us already. I'll try it. I can. In the meantime, I can try air drop and there's
no harm in that. Huh? Wow. All right. If you're just joining us, it's the best
podcast ever. We can plug it in. We can plug it in with this thing that Zach
dropped off. Right. You just give me your phone. I can just I can just plug it in.
You got to go. You could die to Dan or you could like pass it. Is it an audio or is
it a lightning because these are one of these lightning. Oh, if you need the
adapter, you want to adapt it in? I don't know. We should cut this out of the
podcast. No, we leave it in the stays. Okay. I just just the thought. How's
everyone doing? I'm doing good. I'm fucking thirsty. I'm parched. I'm gonna
go backstage and grab a water. I am a thirsty fucker right now. Can you get
me my half drinking coke? Oh yeah, the half drinking coke of it's still out
there. I drank in half of it when house or when are we going to see? When are
we going to see the end of your process? Like how much longer do you have on
Harmon quest? What? Oh, we got two episodes left to cut and that animation
happens. I expect it by the end of the year. I don't know if we have a date or
anything, but it should be before the next year. I know that they are all your
favorite children. Do you have any favorite episodes? Right? I we just cut
episode eight that had Jess McKenna from off book the musical podcast. She's so
good. She was a lawyer. We wanted to have an episode that was kind of like the
episode. Thank you so much where Matt gorelly came on our podcast and was
the skeleton Gary, the lawyer, but we couldn't get him for that episode. So we
had a different court case episode and I was really worried because if you guys
listen to the podcast, Matt gorelly really killed that episode and he really
nailed it. Just throwing. Is he from Orange is the new black Mac gorelly? No,
he's from U. C. B. Awesome. I don't know exactly what he's. That's perfect. Matt
girl. He's a yeah, but he was. He played skeleton Gary and he did an awesome job
on this on on Harmontown, the podcast, and so we wanted to recreate that and
then we couldn't get him booked for that episode because I think it was doing
cool stuff and so we got Jess McKenna and I was really worried because it's like
well Matt gorelly did something unique unique that's unreplicatable. How could
anyone else do this and just did if anything like a way a way better job. It
was she just was a tour de force and knocked it out of the park. Holy shit.
That one's great. They're all great, but that was the one I just did. That's
awesome. Oh yeah. Matt girlie is my friend since seventh grade. Oh, sorry. I
interrupted applause on what you're doing. No, no, please. Yeah. Matt girlie,
but best buddy from seventh grade. Yeah. And we have him in episode one. He
kicks the season off in style and he was the end of the season two right in the
end of season one. Season one. Oh yeah. He's the best. A classic season. Matt
girlie. Matt girlie. I walk around the house and I and I Matt girlie and I
because we went to high school together in junior high school together. I walk
around talking like Matt girly. Like I speak a certain Matt girly language or
you just try to say the stupidest thing. But we need a demonstration before you
lose your friendship. It's hard to do, but I just walk around and just think of
names because if you listen to Super Ego, any Super Ego fans out there or
pistol shrimps. Yeah. A pistol shrimps. God damn it. So names. I'm not going to
try to do it. Him and Jeremy Carter and Mark, Mark McConville fucking absolutely
hilarious. He's hanging out with Michelle Obama now. He's never. Oh yeah. He's
in Milwaukee, right? He's doing Conan O'Brien. Conan needs a friend or what's
it called? Yep. Conan needs a friend. Yeah. A co-production with Ear Wolf. It's
not by Ear Wolf. It's a co-production. All right. Are we do we need to? We do
need doing this. We're going to fucking make this work. So what's the
methodology if you need to get levels or something? Yeah. Let's do a sound check
on this so we can get this right. That's better. A little more. What's the
methodology? Are we going to get it in the morning? I know it's good for the
house, but more in the monitor. I can't take this anymore. There we go. Yeah.
Is that good? Is that good for you guys? All right. Human man. No, it's pyramid man.
What was the suggestion? We're going to get a new one because we're going to start
afresh. Thank you. All right. So we got our levels right. We did our sound check
and now we're ready to go and we're going to do a hum. Are we doing Brandon's
idea of the ABAB kind of thing? Well, whatever. Let's just agree on it. Meaning
like a who's lying hoedown. All right. Let's get that out of
our system. I would like to create something magical after that. Okay. Well,
we don't have to. I just want to know on a good process. That's all. Let's get
let's do this thing. It'll help us. Do you mystify the audio blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, a blah, blah, blah, B blah, blah, blah, blah, A, blah, blah,
probably when we're done. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. Here we go. Easy.
We'll set each other up beautifully. All right. Oh, yeah. We need a suggestion.
Oh, self care. Self care. What was yours, madam? Self care and BDSM. I heard BDSM.
That's what I heard. The same thing. The bondage domination. Yeah. Yeah. That's
because that's the acronym. Initialism. Okay. You ready?
Start again. I want to start right off the bat. Can I give you a let me give you
a little count in? Just just just start it and I'll go give the count in. All right.
Well, but you don't know what he's starting it here. Maybe if there's a
metronome, let me just give you a little count in. You know, I had to do a tool.
That is to say give him a county. You got to rhyme me. Thanks, Brandon.
You got to rhyme Brandon. Yeah. And then and then we're going to keep going like
round robin here. We'll just try and see what then we'll get it out of our system.
Yeah. Okay. I don't know if you'll get a count in. It's just no count in.
Sorry. I've heard it 40 times now. I'm a professional musician. The comedic timing.
Just starting to fuck her over. I love the metronome sound great though, huh?
That was really funny though. That was so good. That's like a Smothers Brothers bit. Yeah, for sure.
But I really meant it. I mean, I am a smother. I'm certain of it. I'm a smother.
Okay. All right. Here we go. Jeff, are you ready? I am. One, two. Oh wait. Sorry.
I'm holding it up to the mic, but it's plugged into the box. Okay. Oh, yeah, that's true.
You did it last time too. All right. Okay. Here we go. And strapped in latex upside down.
It's the best thing I can do for myself. This ain't no circus. Where are the clowns?
I'm just a dominatrix. Dark elf. Casting spells on you. Hope they make you feel so good.
Discount on Elmer's glue. I'll inflict the pain that I should. B to the D to the S to the M self
care. Put myself in it ain't fair. Follicles, follicles, follicles, follicles make hair.
Okay. Yeah. Follicles. All right. All right. All right. That was the that was the what we
just did was the like worst. The Leonard Coen version of Whose Lines I Was Drinking song.
Oh, yeah. All right. Right. Now we worked it out. Now we're warmed up. Right. Now we're
fucking warmed up. And now we're going to take the full nasty plunge into the deep end of the
musical. And I want us to sound like Belle Biv DeVaux. Yeah. Okay. We are using a track
that is not reminiscent of the famous BBB DDD. It shouldn't matter. I mean, we've had we've had
30 more years than them to think about this. Or we had, I mean, what's that? What's that?
DeVaux song where it's like, where it's just acapella. And they're just like the whole time
they're like, well, it's not going to sound familiar me doing it. Are you thinking of boys
to men boys to men? Yeah. Oh, like, like, what was it? What's the song? How's it going? God damn
it. I ain't helping nobody. No, no, no. End of the road is what you're thinking. What
now we've come to the end of the road. I will be sure something of the friend. Yeah, something
about a friend. That's actually right. That is a friend for yesterday. For yesterday. That is
shy. It's what that's shy. It's wait. Wait. Oh, right. Is that wait? You're saying that's
not velvet devote or boys to men. So we're as racist as I thought I was on the first leg of
this track. I fucking finished photo finished with all of my honky homies. So hard to say
goodbye to yesterday shy. I don't even remember that name. That's velvet. I'm doing
velvet. Really? That's somebody before boys to men. Do you are not alone at all? I don't think
they made that song, but they do a version of it. Let's do Oak Ridge Boys. Nope. Just play a
little penis. A little penis. Put a lemonade on the camel's back. I'm rocking and rolling. Put
another straw. Incredible Hulk and a laffer jack. All right. So are we do what are we doing? We're
gonna. We're gonna. We're gonna. We're gonna. We're gonna. We're gonna. We're gonna sound like
that band that I never heard of shy. Yeah. Okay. All right. That's what we're gonna do. We're
gonna do that. What they do in that song. Okay. But to this music. Yes. Oh, I'm keep holding it
up to the microphone. And yeah, and we're gonna and we're improvising. Okay. Okay. So new
suggestion. Brandon. Yeah. What? Oh, yeah. A new topic. That's a topic, a title, a title of a song
that you. Factory. Reach reject. Dildos. No, let's get that. We're close. We're close. Look,
it's due because it's gonna be this is about harmony. So who cares about a suggestion? Okay,
factory. We just thank you, madam for having the courage to yell that out in the public. Yes,
it's fine. Thank you. It's okay. Here we go. All right. Factory. But don't let me get more than
three syllables out before you know we're gonna fucking come in. We're gonna be all over your
thing. Yeah, we're gonna be on. I'm not hanging out here to so I don't know what you guys are
talking about musical styling. So if you were just to say like potato, what would that sound
like translated through the sound so I can hope to replicate it along with fellas show
them our R&B. Okay. You see how good we are. Yeah. I just want to yeah. We just all
yes. It was like very Gordy's about to come out. Yeah, it's gonna be fucking big. No,
word. This is good. Okay. Here we go. Here we go. Factory reject. Dildos. Yeah. Oh, factory.
ree. over. Oh. What do you know how to do? No, no, no, no, no.
That you put
inside your clothes. I tempo. I want to,
shrimpy ass, sticky. Ready to start
Slow, then go fast, fast, fast
Back to the beginning
I'm getting erect
Sticking inside me
I don't know why somebody tried to hide me in your butthole
But I want to come out again
Then go back in, then go back out
And go back in again and again and again and again
Okay, so we fucking did it, yeah
We fucking did it!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Very much like Bellevue de Barreau
That could be a fucking record!
Very much.
Where's Jack White?
We need Jack White or fucking Rick Rubin
If Rick Rubin were here right now, he'd fucking go
Imagine how many takes that shy group did to do that song
And then at the end of it, no one knows their name
No.
People that mistake them for Bellevue de Vue
are mistaking them for boys' demand
I don't know if... Yeah.
That's obscure!
Also, the fact that right now, because we're live streaming
that somebody's already taken this into a fucking, like, to AMI
or fucking, like, capital records
and already stolen our song
But you know, I don't care, because we can do this...
We could do 100 of these
No, I shit this stuff out
Brandon's got the flavor right now
That song.
Uh...
That was the song you were thinking of
I forgot were the best podcasts of all podcasts
Yeah.
I've been house hunting with Cody looking for an upgrade, taking my time.
That's it.
That's all there is to that.
I went to another house that makes you wear booties, but I kind of got over it this time.
Is it like JPL?
Like they were making a spaceship or something?
Yeah, I know.
Well, I don't...
Yeah, I was offended by it the first time, but this time I was like, whatever.
Why'd you bring your own booties?
You got to bring your own booties, man.
Here's the thing, like...
You've never been house hunting before?
You can't just roll up with no booties at a house hunt?
Here's the thing.
Come on, man.
What the fuck are you doing?
Where do you think you going?
You fucking first house hunt?
No booties having, motherfucker.
Yeah, you got to fucking...
You don't show up booty-less.
I feel like that's our next song.
You got to bring that booty.
I'm going to tell you guys a couple things about open house booties.
They're filthy.
Oh, yeah.
They're tattered.
That's why you got to bring your own booties, Jackson.
And 40% of the house touring consumer is going to put on those booties, under fucking duress,
shuffle around your already dirty ass house, who you kidding?
And by the way, I want to see your backyard, bitch.
What do I got to schedule my feet for?
I'm trying to give you millions of dollars.
I want to flow around.
That's part of the whole house experience.
That's what you got to bring your...
When I go into the living room...
You got to bring your own booties.
You got to bring them.
No, it doesn't.
You're not hearing me.
Booties don't matter.
They're called shoes.
Your feet go where your heart goes or you're not buying a house.
They had two baskets of booties at this place, the front door and the back door.
I went in the backyard.
I was like, oh, it's a saltwater pool.
I got the booties out.
I'm not going to walk out to see the pool, unless I forget the most important thing that
you want to be on my mind is my feet and my booties.
So I can put them in the outgoing basket.
I have my freedom around the backyard, collecting all kinds of AIDS grass and dog shit.
Oh, no, my dirty, dirty human society feet.
Oh, your backyard's all over my feet.
And then you're supposed to go like, oh, I'm going to go, let's go back in and let's look
at that laundry room again.
Don't forget to scrub up for surgery.
Of course I did it wrong.
I went all around the backyard in the booties.
Everyone does that.
I was going to say half of the people do that.
By the way, the other half of the people, why are you so experienced at house hunting?
Just buy a fucking house.
Not the most valued customers.
You know who you want coming to your open house?
Someone who goes to so few open houses, they don't know what the fuck they're doing.
You know why?
Because that motherfucker buys houses.
So he don't go to a lot open once.
I want to know.
He's too busy living in them and buying them.
So he ain't got no booty etiquette.
That's my favorite Sir Mix-a-Lot song.
You got to put some papers down for that booty brown, that booty brown.
Booty etiquette.
I like to put the tissue cover on my shoes.
What's the dopest thing you've seen in a house and what's the shittiest, like most
low budget shit that you've seen somebody try to ask for?
I haven't.
I've just seen some stuff where we looked at a house today and I was like, this man
is gay and Hispanic.
There was no photos or anything.
Like super upper class.
I was just like, it's amazing how your house can express the amount of anxiety you're under
even while being incredible.
The expression of floor space and like the work you've had done in your house and stuff.
I don't know.
I can't.
But like when you open the door and going straight back to a pool that has like a waterfall
like pouring, you know, like one of those like waterfall things, it's just sort of like,
like.
It just screams Hispanic.
Well, well, no, that wasn't that.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I hit that hot button by identifying people.
My point was that I was like conjuring this person in my head because I was like the neighborhood
that we're in is so stressful.
If you, it's like these beautiful houses, but then you were like on Hollywood Boulevard.
So imagine going to work every day and like you, like you're like 15 minutes, oh, it takes
me 15 minutes to get to Burbank or whatever.
And then you like your first stop is Hollywood Boulevard where you're just like, it could
be seven minutes before you can make a left turn.
I just, and then, and then, so then the houses that are in some of these places, you're like,
oh, okay.
So that's all that stress is manifesting itself.
It's like popping like popcorn inside of here.
And then I, and then I project a few things like I, yes, I went ethnic because I was thinking
like Catholic and like, I was just thinking like this person's exploding inside and I
wonder where they're moving to and I don't want their house because I don't want to wear
no booties.
Wait, this is a booty house?
No, it wasn't actually a booty house.
What's the, have you seen somebody who's been trying to patch up shit?
Have you seen any houses where they're like clearly off asking for too much money and they've
duct taped like a jacuzzi to a back wall?
No.
Are people out there fairly, are they being fair or are they being like just trying to
get this money right now?
Our favorite place is like, has been on the market for hundreds of days.
So we keep on going like, well, what, who got murdered there?
Like what's the, what's the ghost?
You know, like, um, and yeah, but that's, there's nothing apparent.
My house, the last one, you bring inspectors in and they don't find anything, but then
you still find out you're fucked, uh, uh, termites and I mean inspectors can find that
shit, but like, whatever, why, how close, how close are you to, uh, are you tired yet?
Are you like, no, I would look for a house forever because I'm like, I like my, I like
the house I have now and I keep going like, I know I'm counting on my fingers.
I want to get mad at my house.
If I move into a house from what I'm in, I'm 46 years old, the next house I move into,
it's not, you know, it's not like overwhelmingly possible I'm going to die in it, but like
if it's cool enough, like maybe I could like, like, and I would like to get like mad at
my house.
Like I would like to experience like, what the fuck, where the fuck did I put the goddamn
scissors?
How many goddamn hallways are there in this goddamn, you know, I just want to feel a little
bit of like over, oh, I got too much house.
Like a little too much house.
Right.
Do you want rooms that you don't even use?
Like just like, like, just, I'm going to use them, you know, with VR be anything.
You know, you're going to end up, that's a room right there, you know, burn a, burn a
room, everybody, your next house needs an extra room, VR is coming, coming strong.
Now, by my count, because here, Cody and I, we, here's our dream, this is what we want.
We want a master bedroom that we're going to, it's going to be like a, it's just for
us, it's so, so far this tracks, yeah.
But it's not our, our personal bedrooms, it's our hotel room, where we spend all of our
time as a couple, you know, we, we watch Netflix in there, we do everything that we're doing
in our master bedroom right now, but like, because Cody will now be moving in with me
officially, like we want to, we want to weatherproof that, that concept.
So we'll each have bedrooms that contain all our clothes, and I, and it has to have a bed,
because otherwise it's not a bedroom, like, like, like, because the, this, the master
bedroom has to be like a place that you're not necessarily, you, you don't necessarily
have to be, and then, super dope to devote a part of your house to straight intimacy
and togetherness is great, because then if Cody's like, oh, what is this, a wrapper from
your protein bar or whatever, I, like, I won't be like, oh, god damn it, mom, like, it's
like, because when you're staying in a hotel, it's easier to, to just feel like you're
both on the same team, like no, neither person is like, well, I'm going to work some shit
out now, you know, it's like you're both, both in this space that's like designed for
your comfort.
If I had my way, I'd be like, like Jackie Gleason and all the, like the honeymooners,
they all lived in penthouses in New York hotels, where they were making the honeymoon,
and they just lived in hotels, and the whole top floor was their crib, and every day they
go to work, they come back, sheets are clean, everything's good to go.
I would love that, like just a hotel living, because I'm never home.
I have an apartment that I pay a fortune for, and I'm never there.
Burglars.
Is that right?
Oh, god damn it.
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah, it's pretty fun.
Back doors always unlocked, just get right in there.
When that guy, like, drove through my garage and my insurance company put me up in a hotel
for a couple of weeks, it was like, yeah, it was fun.
I got a taste of that life.
Like we left with a couple of days available, though, we were kind of like, okay, we can
go home now, they fixed the garage, we're like, should we just stay here?
I guess it would be weird if we stayed here, but.
That's where we did the Rob Schrab with Mike Ravelo's photography song.
And if I haul all of my bags up the stairs, I will bring them to you.
And if you call, you call on my bag service, because I am bringing those bags to you.
All right, all right, we're close.
We have.
I'll take it.
Yeah, I'll take it.
We'll get there.
It's crazy when we actually learn the words to these songs.
It's the bag service.
We can't afford that shit.
The bag service.
They're called bell hops.
Bellman.
Okay.
Well, bag service, look, global warming.
I think it's a lie.
This is terrible times we live in where people are just too tired to be to laugh.
They're like, that might be true.
I give up.
If I talked about my beefs about hotel rooms, little things that I say in a lot of hotels,
have I talked about the toilet paper thing?
Yeah.
You don't like the folding the little air out.
And now they got the thing where you go into the fucking tissue paper and they put a million
things and make a big like Magnolia Blossom.
Like there's 11 tissues that you've just handled after cleaning somebody else's poop, but I'm
not going to use any of these.
You're always wasting them.
I'm sure there's a difference that could be split, but if the alternative is that new
role where you're in charge of unshucking the fucking, you know what I'm talking about
girls.
Then you take that off.
You got to fucking claw that shit like a cat.
Have I talked about the fucking do not disturb thing that falls off?
Most doors and hotels have this fucking smooth, curvilinear kind of thing.
And you put the do not disturb on because I don't want, I don't need the housekeeping
to come.
I've been there for two or three days.
I don't need new towels.
I'm fine.
Like I need one disgusting, gross, gross person, disgusting.
No, I'm sleeping the street like a fucking tidy.
I'm tidy.
And it's called being green, by the way.
It's called being homeless.
You're a fucking monster and you fucking put the do not disturb thing on so you don't
have to waste anybody's time or energy and cleansers and water to wash the things and
all the shit.
And then you leave.
Who has ever been like all the hotel waters was making this drought for real hotels.
Waste tons of water.
Okay.
Oh yeah.
We can't get enough.
Yeah.
They fucking love water.
And you close.
They thirsty.
And you close the door.
You put the fucking do not disturb thing on the thing, which is a round little hole on
a curvy thing handle and you'd leave and the door shuts and it falls off every fucking
time.
Yeah, it really does.
And then when you shut the door is like, is the do not disturb thing on the ground
saying please come in.
Yeah.
You gotta fucking check it.
It fucking is like just make a do not disturb thing that hangs on the goddamn door.
Yeah.
A lot of times they do, but like then the handle designs aren't like they're like, yeah, this
is good.
Also, fucking hotel TV remotes can go fuck themselves forever in a day that they don't
work.
It's a travel hack that you could bring your own remote sometimes and they just use it
your own remote, which is a weird thing if I know I'm going to a Marriott, I bring my
Marriott remote.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
That's the fix.
Yeah.
I wish I could go back to that one city that had the vending machines that were all
linked by a Tony Stark credit network.
What was that call?
Do you remember?
Denver?
Where was it?
It wasn't PayPal.
It was like you could buy an account to an app and you were just like subscribed to all
vending machines in the city.
You're like snack Tarzan.
You could just walk around and vending machines and be like, hey, you want some candy?
Like, like you can have it like no transaction necessary just like it's on your tab.
Was it pay range?
That sounds familiar because there's this one soda machine in Griffith Park that uses
pay range and it's oh boy.
Sometimes I'll drive out there just to get myself a nice Pepsi.
Hmm.
It's a beautiful drive.
I see a coyote just to get a Pepsi.
I kick its ass also there's a new culture and hotels in my experience is that everyone
you walk through and there's 11 valet guys.
There's 11 Bellman.
There's 11 hotel like receptionists.
There's 3000 people standing by the elevator and every one of them, every time you walk
by, even if you just went past them a second ago, they all have to say good morning or
good afternoon or hello to you and it's like, can we just dispense with that?
Like I don't need to have to have to touch base with 40 people every time I go this way
or that way.
These are my problems.
I like it.
Meanwhile, the world is on fire.
I think that all hotels, bars should be open from ever six a.m. to two a.m.
Yeah.
Not in Tennessee.
Tennessee.
They don't even fuck it.
They don't open until like, like never on Sunday, like you can't get a bloody drink.
You're like going, you're selling me a bed.
So if you're going to have a bar in your place, then it would stand to reason that it shouldn't
be like baker's hours.
Like your bar should be like part of the, like you're in the pillowcase business.
You're in the toilet paper business.
You touch the stuff that touches my butthole.
Your bar should be open.
It should be the reason I don't go out in Denver tonight.
I got a hotel to come back to and I totally approve.
Make it all fucking a card only swipey swipe.
You know, no one's going to come to your fucking hotels bar to get drunk when they live in
your city.
Stop.
Stop trying to make that business happen.
It's like when you go to a Starbucks and they don't have a bathroom and you're like,
you sell something that makes people piss and shit.
Have you lost your mind?
Please have one guy or lady or, well, it doesn't matter anything.
That was very welcome.
Thank you.
You're welcome is what I should be saying.
Why am I saying thank you?
You're welcome.
Look what I did.
Have a person who is there like hotels are the darkest part of your life.
They're transitory.
You wake up with a head wound.
You don't know where you're going.
You don't know where you've been.
You might have scabies the next day.
You're only in a hotel because your life is like it's moving.
It's moving, baby.
The bar, every bar needs to be open.
You need to be able to sidle up to it.
It's just a living wage.
Give the one person a living wage for two shifts so that there's always a person there.
Yes, it's true.
Sometimes for hours on end, no one will be there wanting to drink.
That's what's cool about a bar is when you get to it, it's empty but it's already open
and there's just a creepy dude washing a glass and it's like the open bar and you walk up
to it.
You've become Dennis Wolfberg right now.
I don't know if no one's going to get that reference but Google Dennis Wolfberg or YouTube
rather.
I agree.
So airports, airports, your bar should be open 24 motherfucking hours a day.
Wait, aren't they on the VIPs?
Huh?
Aren't the VIP bars?
Usually.
The VIP lounges, Brandon, let me tell you what a VIP lounge is.
You walked into a fucking bear trap here, Brandon.
A VIP lounge is three Canadian flight attendants asking you for eight forms of ID so that you
can maybe have some pop off vodka with your olives, six hours from now, when the fucking
bar opens and it's not a bar, it's a salad bar, but VIP lounges can orally minister my
privates.
Can I get an amen?
We'll get back to that.
If any of you all here in the crowd or anyone that listens to us over the listener thingies,
if you ever fly out of Burbank and it's an early flight, I almost hate to tell you this.
The only thing I like about Guy Fieri is that his fucking bar, Burp, sorry, my Lacroix
Burp there.
Lacroix, how do you say?
Sure.
Or is it Guy Fieri?
Is he French?
Guy Fieri.
Or Fieri.
Right.
Because it's Guy de Mopassant, but it's Guy Fieri.
This one.
Yeah.
So the guys, there's both terminals and the two little tiny terminals at the Burbank airport
have guys.
They're open at seven and they fucking serve booze and they have Frenette Bronca and if
you get a Bloody Mary, say no garnish because if you get it with garnish, there's no alcohol
in it because there's 9,000 things inside it.
So that's what I will give to you, our Harmontown listeners.
If you fly out of Burbank, go straight to Guy's Crack-a-Don, it's open and you can get
fucking wasted.
And I wouldn't eat the food because you're probably going to have popcorn and shrimp
and someone's going to yell at you and have spiky blonde hair.
That's great fun.
Some people don't understand the point of a bar.
If you watch The Shining, hear him out everybody.
Let the man talk.
Then Mr. Shining, Jack Torrance, goes to the bar and he has a conversation with the
British guy and then he's like, I don't know where, and the British guy is like, but you've
always been here and you'll always be, I always, when I watch that I'm like, I'm thirsty.
I know it's supposed to be creepy, but it's like, the bars are supposed to be, it's
supposed to be about, it's like a self-imposed, one of those things, what do they call those
things in the center of like a puritan town where you put your hands in your head.
It's like a self-imposed stock.
Pillaring.
You go like, I'm going to, I'm a bad person, I'm in a dark place.
I'm never going to be in a light place and then you go to the bar and then you park it
and then you like, you wind down the gears that would otherwise, who knows what they
would do.
We don't even know.
Thank God for bars.
There's none.
We're all doomed.
I feel like the Rustic and you Rustic in the old drawing room, that's the bar from, we
don't shut them out.
Do we not shut them out?
No.
Okay.
Damn.
They got go wings, though you guys have those wings, but I feel like those places are like
that is kind of the creepy bar where you feel at home.
What's going on with this place next door?
Are they going to be?
They were open before the show.
Are they going to be open after the show?
I'm sure they are.
It's catching them when they're open.
We've been trying to coordinate a thing where I know it was like there was a, but do you
know if they're going to be open?
Okay.
God damn it.
Steve might know.
Steve Levy might know.
Why are you so happy?
You're so happy that you're excited to do it.
Yeah, because I know in the past they've been trying to coordinate a thing where we all
go over there afterwards or whatever.
Yeah, because now we're not drawing room adjacent anymore.
Because there's no place to go over here.
If anyone ever goes to Vegas and people talk shit about going to Vegas because Vegas can
be a nightmare, there's a little bar way off this trip called Champagne's Cafe.
It used to be called Tony's Champagne's Cafe.
I think it's just called Champagne's.
It's like the drawing room and it's 24 hours a day and it's always just chill.
It's fucking great.
You walk in there, you can go in there at 4 a.m. and it's just like there's eight people
there.
It's not ever crazy.
I love it.
There was a double down if you want to really get it down.
The double down?
Tell the story about going in.
You know the double down saloon in Vegas?
Anybody?
One person raised their hand?
Yeah.
It's instead of clapping.
I like that choice.
It's a 24-hour dive bar.
I went in there one time at 3 or 4 a.m. by myself in a suit, sat down at the bar, I'm
like, this is going to be a bummer.
I've been here a hundred times.
It's always been fun.
This is going to be the one night where it's going to suck ass.
It's graffiti and there's punk rock music and the men's room is really just terrible.
It's like being like an episode of Locked Up Abroad.
A dude comes in and he's driven in a Bentley.
He looked like Daniel Craig, but like a little heftier and...
Oh, Robert Kraft.
Too soon.
And he comes in with a bunch of great-looking girls, puts a bunch of hundreds on the bar,
a sandwich bag of cocaine, a ziplock bag of coke, and just passes out.
He thought it was the police station?
He walked in and he goes, this is money for them.
Here's all the coke.
I'm going to fucking take a little nappy time.
And he's wearing a fucking bitching suit and outside he had like a Bugatti or a Bentley,
something awesome outside.
And he's like with four or five just like screaming hot girls.
And the bartender very casually just took the coke and put it behind the bar, took the
money.
He's like, what would you like?
And they all ordered drinks.
There's a corking fee.
Exactly.
And then there was only like maybe before they had all walked in, there was probably six
other people at the bar.
It's like kind of like a square kind of horseshoe shaped bar, and if that makes sense.
And a few minutes later, he poured all the drinks and then gave everybody a black cocktail
napkin with a giant rail of coke on it and put it all out for everybody at the bar.
Me, that guy over there, that lady over there, all the girls.
I'm talking about like a golf pencil size rail of coke.
And it was for everybody.
Yeah.
And so the guy's just fucking fast asleep right next to me and we have a good time and
he wakes up about like two hours later and we're all having the time of our lives.
And he goes, all right, let's go back to my place then.
And we all get into cars.
Wait, now you're with the guy?
He went with you.
You're with Rip Van Winkle?
He needed his fucking Daniel Craig James Bond.
You like inserted yourself into his memento movie.
I was simply sitting at the seat next to where he sat down and this all played out.
Then we went to his crib.
Yeah, but that's the part that I'm saying, like, yeah, you would, you know, he invited
everybody there because there was like eight of us and he goes like, oh, fucking, we're
going back to my place.
Let's have a good time.
And you're like, and he gets in his Bentley.
That's when I realized he's driving like a like $400,000 car outside.
You had me at driving.
Yeah.
What does he do?
He's the guy that was asleep.
He took a nap.
He was too drunk to be awake.
No, he was tired, Dan.
And now he's awake and now he's ready to drive.
So now we all fuck off to his place.
It's like a respawn.
And it's like, it's like, I don't know, like five or six minutes off the strip.
We get into the place.
It's a penthouse and I'm not joking.
This sounds like one of those Jeff Davis stories that people are going to say didn't
happen.
Does it?
He had an indoor pool and an outdoor pool on the roof of the goddamn building.
His place was the entire roof of the building and there was a full like, like a pool the
size of the stage and then an outdoor pool.
And we just fucking like did blow and drank and like, like until noon and I don't know
his name.
I don't remember.
Why didn't you ask?
I think, I think he composed for Black Panther.
No.
I do.
He was certainly wealthy.
But I'm saying like, that's a good bar.
The drawing room at 3 a.m.
The drawing room just, I went another time in the drawing room, double down, I mean,
the double down in Vegas.
I went in there again.
3 a.m.
You want, you want, you want to let the bar marinate.
Don't go there before midnight.
Like go, like go there after two o'clock after the bars or the bands are done.
I went in there, sat alone again.
This is not going to be fun.
Like 20 roller derby lesbians came in and they were selling t-shirts and they just were
harassing me and mad at me because I was like a straight guy and they were just talking
shit and like just throwing ice cubes at me or whatever.
This is in Nevada.
Yeah.
This is Las Vegas.
It's a town in Nevada.
And I don't know why I like I'm a fed.
Was this in Nevada?
No.
I mean, he is snitching though.
It's important.
Was it in Nevada?
No.
This is a bar.
All we have to do is track down a house with two pools in it and this motherfucker going
to jail.
It's a bar in Logan, Utah.
No, it's a bar in between like the hard rock and the airport.
You could walk to either.
I thought I might have been drawing there a bunch.
Yeah, the double down.
We lost Dino for two days there once.
We didn't lose him.
We went somewhere other than there and when we came back he was there.
We called at Dino like, Dino, where are you?
And he goes, I'm still here.
I'm ugly.
And he was just, he was crying at the bar because he was ugly.
It is like, you've been at a bar for 48 hours.
So all these roller derby lesbians from whatever Vegas team, maybe they're from out of town,
like there was a tournament or whatever.
I don't know how, I bought a t-shirt, then we were friends.
I woke up at like the fucking Mandalay Bay or where the fuck was I saying?
In the Shark Tank.
Oh God.
I woke up at the Mandalay Bay and they were all there.
I was covered in roller derby lesbians just like, it was like, I was Hugh Hefner, if
Hugh Hefner was into not getting laid.
I wish it was just a bunch of drunk lesbians on top of me and they got up in the morning,
we all had breakfast together and it was the fucking best time.
Again, double down saloon, best bar in the world.
Why did we not put all of that in the song?
I waited in the fucking men's room one time and there was, it was, I'll just start the
story by saying in the men's room it was exceptionally unclean and I used the ladies
room instead and I come out and a tough little punk rock chick with a wife beat her on, like
half my height.
She's like, you motherfucker, you don't get to fucking use the ladies room, you got your
own fucking ladies room and I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, she's screaming at me, she wants
to fucking punch me and I said, hang on, hang on, and I opened up the men's room and there
is an inch and a half of brown poop water on the floor and she goes, oh, I'm so sorry,
can I buy you a drink?
She thought, she thought you were just like, I mean, did she think your threshold was just
not high enough?
Or just taking advantage of, like the women's rooms are normally nicer than the men's rooms.
Yeah, like someone was in there and you just hopped into the women's room.
Yeah, I know, I'm just kind of wondering what her, if you opened the door and it was like
a regular men's room, which is also disgusting if she would have been like, no, that's the
point, I know why you use the women's room and you're cheating, but because there was
actual doo-doo, she's like, oh, but that's sort of like a fascinating thing because it's
kind of like, if we have any deal breakers, can we get some bathroom police in this place?
I was sitting there playing pool and the pool tables, they have like sand traps and water
hazards on them, they're the worst pool tables of all time, they're the most lopsided pool
tables of all time and I was playing with these two gals and friends of mine and there
was these big biker dudes at the bar, like Hell's Angels looking guys and there was four
or five people, like three girls, two guys or vice versa and they were sitting at a table
and about as far as I am from a Spencer, which is like 15 feet, like 18 feet.
Yeah, like 15.
There was a trash can and they had a table with like 20 Corona empties on it and they
were just throwing them into the trash can and trying to bank them off the wall and make
a bank shot and just bing, like this is all so loud, just clang and then someone goes all
over the floor and now there's just bottles everywhere and the bouncer is a big tough
guy and all the bikers just keep looking over the shoulder, kind of rolling their eyes and
they're just throwing glass like across the room and missing half the time and making
a ton of noise and finally one breaks and the big old like gray bearded like duck dynasty
looking bouncer, the biker that whose street name is caveman or yeah or do socrates.
So yeah, he gets up and he just kind of reluctantly walks over and he goes, your taxis outside.
Oh, shit, Socrates.
Like not fuck you.
You're thrown out.
It's like we called you a car and the people are like, oh, thank you.
We've been throwing bottles for 20 minutes.
That's very nice of you that bar.
It's hard to get thrown out of the double down.
And just when they're about to throw you out, all you got to do is double down.
Yeah.
There's a sign.
There's a bunch of signs.
One sign says you you puke, you clean and that's that's if you puke, you got to fuck
in.
They give you the fucking mop and the rag and the thing and you got to clean it up.
But at the site next to it says $20 puke insurance, which if you think you're going to puke or
you think your friends are going to puke, you can buy $20 insurance.
And if your friend pukes or you puke the bar cleans, does it does the price go up after
the if you didn't buy it before?
It's like insurance on a bet and blackjack.
Well, then I'm saying if it's the same price after you puke that it if you just turned
it in, this is shark tank.
They should charge 60 bucks if you didn't buy it.
I think you got it.
I think you can't buy it at the point.
You just clean it insurance.
It's it's it's you puke you clean as before you as if you didn't pay insurance, $20 buys
you puke insurance.
The bar will clean up after you before.
I know.
Yeah.
But what if you puke and then pay $20?
Is that legal?
No, no, I think you have to right.
Yeah, that's what I had.
There used to be asked juice.
Now asked juice.
I'm sorry.
Right there.
There used to be dreams in the sky.
The ass to me a couple of ass to I will not play this on play this on play this on almost
there.
They used to do a thing.
I think it used to be the bar mat, the little bar mat, whatever spilled in there.
You could for like whatever I don't know if they've even charged you for it.
You had to pay five bucks for it.
They would just empty the bar mat into a glass and you drank that.
But now I think it's they any bottle that gets below a shot, like the like the drag
of any any bottle could be vodka, whiskey, Kahlua, you know, grenadine, whatever.
They just marry it into the opaque bottle so you have no idea what's in there.
And they also have bacon martini, which is just bacon fat floating and vodka, which
I think breaks five laws.
Like like from the FDA.
I've had a couple of those if you've had the bacon martini there.
I think if you do an anastasia shot, a bacon martini and eat a slim Jim, you get a free
t-shirt.
Whoa, what a deal.
But if you have just you have just one for losing, right, the t-shirt just says like
it's not it's the t-shirt definitely doesn't get you anything.
I want to I want to even people who know what the t-shirt represents are like something
like I drink as juice at the devil.
Yeah, like I did the following three things.
What are you doing?
Yeah, I was playing pool with two with these two gals and they were they were good looking
and they're not great at pool and neither am I, but I'm better than they were.
And we were playing for drinks, but you should talk and then they weren't that good.
I mean, I'm not that great either, but I was better a little better than they were.
So I'm beating them and there's all these biker dudes at the bar and they're the only
two gals in the bar and all these big tough house angels looking dudes are up there like
Mongols or whatever.
And then so I go to the bar to get a drink and I say it and then the toughest looking
dude there goes, hey man, what's the stakes over there?
I said the stakes are high and he goes, what are you playing for?
I go if I win, I got a kiss and he goes win one for us.
He was on my side.
It was very nice.
They're like lost boys.
They're adorable.
Let's let's all just get in a big bus and go there right now.
All right.
Okay.
Spencer.
Have you ever been there?
Oh yeah.
When I was there, I ordered a drink and then a girl came in and was like, well, what are
you drinking?
That's a weird question.
She was like, yeah, that is, and then I told her why I was drinking.
I thought I could do a Jeff story.
Wait for it.
And then she said, thank you, right?
Does anybody, did anybody on my recommendation start watching Love After Lockup?
Fuck you guys.
I'm sure plenty of people did, but not here today.
I listened back to my recommendation and I was like, what are you doing?
You sound like a crackhead.
I guess I was just like extra stammery that night.
I don't know what, it wasn't really a sales pitch that should be successful.
Tell me about it.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
It's just a great reality show.
It's people who are pen pals with prisoners and then they're getting out and they're
going to marry them and it's just insane, man.
Does it often work out or what's the batting average on that?
No, it's chaos.
It's just chaos because even the people that work out, you're like, that's not working
them out.
And then most of the time you're like, get out of there, girl.
Get out of there.
And then the girl will just get out of there.
You're just like, get that Kyron.
Give me that Kyron that says that you are out of there, like that you didn't go back
or just, but it's like various combinations, very interesting.
It's a very slim amount of people that actually, like the population that goes to jail over
and over again is something like three to five percent.
So you're watching something of like, it is truly just a slice of life.
Like you will not see that sort of relationship dynamic again.
The big headline of the show seems to be that even the sociopaths, because you're like,
boy, you're going to be knee deep and sociopaths on this show, really on both sides of the
prison yard, like the people who are going to subscribe to lovers from prison, et cetera.
No wrong answers, no heroes, no villains.
But you're, you're, you're, you're, well, you're yeah, depending on your definition
of crime, I mean, because it's not a show about what they did to go in prison, but you're
definitely watching them like, oh, okay, you're a bad, bad boy, the dude that shot up a house
full of cocaine and then asked his girlfriend to put a knife in her vagina is a villain.
But the, the interesting thing was strangely, strangely specific.
The interesting thing is just, it's just, it's just interesting to me that like, like
the big elephant in the room on the show is okay, like, like, none of the people, including
the prisoners who claim to understand that this happens all the time, but they still
feel this emotional attachment, it, like, if people, no one in the show seems to understand
that if you're in prison, your entire world is a different context and that you're in,
your value system is different and that, therefore, the people to whom you say, I love you, and
let's make all these plans for the future, like, you're not necessarily a liar or a Superman,
like, you know, you, you're, what you are as a person who's, who's understanding of
life is completely different from when you're going to get out, but they, they just keep
repeat it, it's, it's sort of, it's just people over and over again going.
Well, think how important and how good or terrible your love letters would be if you
had 24 hours a day for six years to think about writing a love letter to somebody.
They also, very typically, they're doing, they all talk about how they, well, look,
you, you, they, they, they do ten of these at a time and they don't necessarily equate
that with dis, disingenuity, with dishonesty, like, it, the, the, the people on the outside
are familiar with the idea, well, I met this person on this site, so the idea that I was
the only one is, is not, it's not a realistic expectation, but more importantly, oh, that,
that was the courting process, was winnowing it down allegedly to just you, but then the
person they'll say in a talking head, well, I got two over here and one, it's like, the
interesting thing to me is just like picturing people as like vegetation, like if you're,
if you're a human and you're placed in prison and then you just, these roots come out, you
know, these fillet, these, these, these celia, these like little hairs and they're just gonna,
they're just looking for any kind of water because the, then these stories will end up
with a lot of people going back into the joint because they'll violate their parole or something
and as soon as they get in there, they're calling again and it's really hard for the
codependent people on the way out because, on, on the outside because they just went
through this whole reality show relationship where they finally figured out that the, the,
oh, that relationship was, but then as soon as they figure it out, the person's back in
prison and giving them exactly the sugar they need, which is calling them collect and asking
for money and it's like this, it's siren call to them, not because they love the person
that much, but because they love the minimization of risk that prison represents for them.
And I'm so fascinated by that that they're outside and they're less free romantically.
They, they, they're so scared of being hurt and left that they have, they, they, at one
point, they need barbed wire and walls.
They need barbed wires around the other person, not because they're sadists, but because they're
that terrified of, of getting hurt and it's like, oh, you're terrified and everyone's
like always scratching.
They're like, oh, you're terrified of getting hurt, so you're with a convicted felon.
But that's how terrified you can be of, of rejection.
If you went to prison down, let's say you, you were doing like a big federal stint and
what, what would your like role in prison be like, what clique would you run with?
You know, I'd be the fixer.
The fixer.
No, I'd be a screaming lipstick man.
We all know what we would be in prison.
We're the 60% of the population that will never go to prison.
We're terrified of the idea.
We celebrate in our jokes and comedy and movies how everyone on the inside is getting raped
and the institution likes it that way because we're all thinking, oh my God, that's, some
of these, there was a woman who got out and there's a, there's a scene where she, she
just got married and she's like, she pulls up outside the prison that she was in and
they're taking pictures of her flipping the prison off and there's a guard out on the
perimeter and he's like, what are you doing and she's taking pictures and he's like, don't
get my face in it or something like that, like it's sort of like the, like prison equivalent
of going, trying to shoot a movie inside a, a, a Brookstone, but it's like, he's 500
guards away and he's like, just, just keep your camera and he says some Bibble Babble
and she's like, what?
I can't hear you.
It goes, I assume you're a, you're an ex felons to take your pictures and get out of here.
Like, like, that he's familiar with the fact that this road that he stands there and watches
basically it's just a regular thing that a Camaro pulls up and a man and a woman get
out with a six pack and pose, flipping off this place.
So here's the thing.
I'm watching that and going, honey, don't do the, like, like, I, I wouldn't flip the
place off.
I wouldn't be shocked to find out through the mail a week later that I violated a finger
law.
I, I, that's like, it's like the, the, the way that we employ our penal system is simply
to say, are you capable of fear?
If so, fear this and then we're all afraid and then we have no respect for the people
on the inside and the people on the inside are treated like animals and whatever.
Sorry.
It's the end of the show.
Uh, it's a love after lock up.
This time, watch it.
My recommendation was good this time.
It was 20% more fluid.
I'm telling you, watch one episode of season one of love after lock up and, and tell me
that you didn't want to watch the second episode and I'll be fine.
Then I'll accept that.
My new favorite thing is, uh, I got screwed on a flight, uh, like two days ago yesterday.
God, I'm so lost.
We got like five hours of delays and stuff like that.
Looking over the shoulder of whatever the, whatever the person next to you is watching
on a plane, um, without, without, without the sound on this lady next to me was watching
some sort of like low rent game of throne stuff.
It was good.
It's probably better without the sound.
I just watching these people fucking fucking fight.
It was great.
Damn.
So that's my recommendation.
Watch the lady up next to you on the plane.
Uh, it's called, uh, low level fuck fucking fights.
I always get sucked into that shit.
Like I'll see somebody will be eight seats away and they'll be watching some piece of
shit like, uh, millennial slapstick that I like, I saw a billboard for and I was like,
I'm not watching fucking bad dog.
Uh, like, I don't care how many celebrities are the voice of the dog and like, and, but
then you, you, the, the precisely for that reason that you're like, it's definitely a
movie you were never going to see.
You keep seeing scenes and you're like, is Jason Sudeikis in that?
And you're like, God damn it.
I can't, because you're watching a movie in order.
You got nothing to do.
And then you're like, well, why is she doing aerobics?
Is the dog evil?
And you're, you're like, what's the animated one where it's like kind of like Mexico.
It's kind of day of the dead kind of stuff.
Yeah.
I watched that over, uh, like on the seat next to me with no sound on the person next
to me watching it.
It fucking, I, I, the story, yeah, the story is great.
I knew exactly what was going on and I didn't need to hear the words.
It was like, it was like a beautiful, silent, like, uh, tragedy comedy.
It was, it was, it was gorgeous.
You have always told me that you like your Mexicans to shut up.
That's the show.
Ladies and gentlemen, what's Spanish for cliffhanger?
Yeah.
I don't think I made myself very clear when I earlier alluded to, oh, you know, it's fun
to house.
I could tell someone was gay and Hispanic.
What was it?
I'm still like going over that.
I'm like, what, what did you mean?
It wasn't, it wasn't what you think.
Yeah.
And I was trying to think of who, like, who's the funniest gay Hispanic I know to say,
but it was like, I, like, then I'm helping.
My story was me being like this Angela Lansbury and like feeling like I felt like I knew the
person.
Yeah.
And that person was gay.
And Latino.
Right.
Because they had a waterfall.
That's the thing.
I was in trouble because then by the time I stopped talking, I was like, oh boy, you
just really, you really did a number on yourself.
Because all you did was say, I knew a, I know a person by something other than knowing them.
It's a bad move, brother.
What a dumb move.
Fortunately, we're in the middle of a podcast civil war between the, yeah, the shit's going
down.
Those bar bros.
There's some, there's some, there's some crazy shit going down in the true crime community.
I'll tell you that.
True crime.
Yeah.
I mean, that's kind of the epicenter.
I kind of, I don't want to, I don't want to dip my tender pie into it.
Wait, wait, wait.
There's, there's, there's people beefing on true, true crime.
There's just some shit that weren't there.
Mergers last week.
Murder.
Didn't somebody get purchased for like 230 million?
No, I don't know about nothing about that.
Okay.
That somebody, somebody, somebody in the, somebody in the true crime community posted an Instagram
on International Women's Day that, that had this like crazy kind of just white text on
black meme, like, that was just sort of like what, I don't, I don't want to editorialize
any of it.
I just want to be objective and say like, somebody posted like a, it was just such a
strange thing to post, particularly at International Women's Day, like, like, and then there were
people that, their luminaries, our friends among them, like, going like, hey, this podcast
network, like, is this really, are you proud of this?
And then so then the, that, the person in particular got shit canned.
So it's just the age old now within the true crime community, the same schism that's everywhere
all the time, which is on one side, you got what the fuck dude, it's called freedom of
speech, it's called due process, all that stuff, and on the other side you have what
the fuck, it's called empathy, what the fuck is happening, and, and, and never the twain
shall meet and everyone shall be unhappy and angry and interesting, but it's, where would
I go to find this all play out anyway?
I don't know.
I don't, I just, I just, you can't say it because you don't want to be.
You can probably Google true crime podcast, International Women's Day and probably find
something.
Well, I just, I know, well, here's the thing, I think that I've, I think what I, my point
is that I didn't want to, I didn't want to, I didn't want to get, I don't want to get
involved as far as like, like, like, but it's, that doesn't mean it's, it's the, it's the
guy, the sword and scale guy, the Mike, Mike, Mike the day.
Reserve, don't clap.
Reserve it!
So, so, like, if you, if that's what, if you want to go, if you want to go look at what
I'm talking about, I'm not like, oh, I don't want you to know about it, I'm like, I don't
want to, I don't want to stir anything, I don't want to, I don't want my presence to
affect anything.
You're then, people to watch, Loctur love it up.
I want, I want everyone to watch that, so we'll talk to people about something.
What if, what if, what if shit got so wild between rival true crime podcast that somebody
killed somebody else in a true crime podcast?
It's absolutely going to happen.
There's, there's, there's the, there's the Harmontown Guarantees.
There's as many true crime podcasts as there are people.
So somebody's going to get whacked, and it's going to be, yeah, it's going to be, yeah.
Last podcast on left, I think.
Last podcast on the left?
Or whatever the fuck it's going to be.
Is it next week now that our, our English friends will be here?
I think.
I believe so.
That's what Steve says, yes.
I've missed, I've mis-cued that before, but yeah, okay.
So next week, Saruti and Hannah from the Red-Handed Podcast are going to be here.
I'm actually a little nervous because I, I'm just, I'm starstruck and I want to, I want
to do a good job, but so I'll, I'll be sober and we'll talk about, we'll just talk about
true crime.
I've got a couple cases that I don't hear anybody covering enough.
The case of the smashed garage.
Yeah.
The case of the.
You corrupt this tree in the backyard.
The case of the dying tree.
So next week, next week, those ladies will be here and until then, keep your hair on
a dish and keep your spoons from the help.
You want to try one last go at the song?
You want to close it out with one last try?
But let's do the other one, the fun one, the, the more, the more poppy one.
Okay.
And then Dan, like you take it, I want you to make it about what you feel like the audience
walks away from the show with.
Okay.
Thank you for joining us here at the Harmontown podcast.
Are we ever going to plead D and D again?
Cliffhanger.
Zach put a beat on him.
I'm not plugged in.
Thank y'all.
Let's give it up for the return of Spencer Crittenden and everybody.
And the answer is yes.
Spencer.
We're going to play D and D soon.
I miss it.
That's what you said last time.
How about Brandon Johnson?
Thanks for having me guys.
Mike drop.
How about the Mike technique of your mayor, Dan Harmon, Zac McKeever's got the beats
on.
I'm your comptroller, Jeff Davis.
Drive fast, take chances.
We love you all.
We'll see you soon.
Did you get any of that?
Thank you for joining us here at the Harmontown podcast.